when we understand the intent then we
can craft the experience then we can
drive the sale the research process is
something that
is long and nuanced it all starts with
having structured conversations with
actual customers we'll run surveys and
we'll look at their experience of buying
what was the pain that they were
feeling that sent them looking and the
overlap for seo is the way they talk
about that pain and the way that they
describe
those triggers that's going to open up a
whole new world of things not only to
consider
ranking for but ways to talk about it on
the page avenues to go down
places to show up we find out not only
what that pain was but how they tried to
solve it in the past
what are they coming off of what
information sources did they turn to
we find these conversations on places
like reddit and quora and we look at the
language people use to talk about the
outcomes they want the pains that they
have and those types of things
we steal those we bring those into the
copy and that's how we make the
messaging compelling and relatable and
then you can craft the content around
that so when we understand the intent
then we can craft the experience then we
can drive the sale when you're doing all
of that when you're the most relevant
useful piece of content that's ranking
for that
then you deserve to be there that's what
google wants to see and that's hopefully
what gets passed around and shared
naturally by humans too
because it's actually legitimately
valuable so it stops being a game of do
we have the h1 in the headline and more
a game of do we answer this question the
best